moto skill test pipes very hard
technical motorcycle race we know the
tips PS thanks to Java module pipe I did
good efforts I'm gonna are not fucking
pie I'm gonna put Justin Justin yeah my
fucking mouth is eight Josh I'm Josh
I like that just hugs you've been
informed it's not a black car inform
Josh inform Diego yeah in from Diego
jealous luck in $8,100 only right now
what the fuck I would recognize it by no
whore Oh baton you bond Paul oh my god
this is a promising start going straight
under we're going straight onto casino
alright guys in the casino to casino
let's hit the casino lads hurry back
flip
oh shit no one else oh shit now I'm in
right now I died right on a carp in
pieces here that's why Josh someone lays
on my hands and expresses hairy sunlight
on my head who was it Oh Oh God
I think Toby land on my head right third
what I don't know guys go on
successfully how am I fall through your
were successfully fucking rock Harry's
first mushroom way very much meant waves
wise words what fuck Oh rocks
oh no more now I understand the rocks
got hard let's not get rocks you know
that rocks man vibrating ah you stupid
peasant ah first time I sweat waves
peace out later drown like that my sweat
waves I think I'm a fucking boss now I
can do them no problem fuck it
Oh fucking penis no way what oh yeah
because first various hurries first very
first heron
this is just not fair right now oh my
god very okay we're going in other side
yeah yeah yeah we just did that
jeez sorry slide oh my god Oh fun in the
slide slide is fun okay Simon ruined it
oh shit yep are you ruined that even
more goodbye what the fuck Ethan get
away his Spanish will you give it a week
you it Harry a very big lead by the way
like a very very big one yeah fucking
gone I was giving Harry everybody's yes
ah harissa yeah he's so far it's because
you're away from everyone
yo guys this isn't good and well is it's
gonna end of eight thousand one hundred
dollars worth of bets being happy
I'm telling ya I need to do this for the
people do it for the people Josh your
people need you
my people need B are we going this is
the way I've been waiting for come on
move it Vic here we go it is Ivan in
what Simon I'm I'm doing this to you why
me I want to win yes I see Harry I see
France
yeah I'm storming right now no storming
away fucking checkpoint
he's finish the pipe lads yes oh no no I
haven't I haven't finished the pipe this
is a checkpoint yes I'm going up the
chicken argh you know I see the finish I
can see it up the nursery
no nobody wins the race boys here we got
out on I'll ship it
I'll shit shit shit oh my god this is
impossible
ah I'm on the way down whoa Nick yeah
you say it's open for life this is dumb
oh yeah this ain't no painting clothes
for grabs
oh yes on the eat one come on done it
what have you done it out I'm so close
no no
whoa oh yes oh no oh no the dribbler
what a race oh fuck you hurry you stole
the money
everyone look it's like first time as
well ah that Devils rumor motherfuckers
beep beep what no beep beep but I like
your ad limp the devil sounds like a
really nice mobile word for gay people
Vicky knows it Oh does it yes Toby
represent the purple glaze purple blue I
chose white but orange like green wheels
have been blazing at ha ha ha no how are
you just doing some tricks you know to
do some tricks as I say I gather how
they just dry date them either hair
longer sigh hey I'm not your Buddy Guy
either don't link wheels oh shit and I'm
a fuckin alright either why are you so
tired of driving
oh shit
this is hurry everyone out oh so million
nope right yeah don't make a hurry jump
you took me out I'm taking you out
getting back please because I need to
catch up
I'm just um there you go I helped you
actually helped you out fucking tree
okay see that was your own doing oh I
can see Harry and catch him fit Harry's
riding wolves alright now I'm catching
Ethan Perry's winning the race what's
going on me my mom right behind I'm
Patsy big oh wait hey hey Josh's
Wow that was smooth go definite here oh
god oh god oh my god oh my god just a
feeling her that was a bridge oh wait
then how you guys well yeah oh shit I'm
first
we're Borrowdale this buzzing the finish
line is closed ah shit where the fuck am
I going
I'm bird well no oh shit oh the fuck
have I done bullshit
no tree no tree oh shit where the fuck
are my good areas finish lines - Simon -
be nice keep this going
no Josh no
cuties gonna get rekt right Oh Simon
follow away I have no idea where I'm
going oh my god a bridge a really thin
bridge okay oh my god oh my god bridge
Wow oh my god no oh for fuck's sake -
wait you change colors change what
you're wearing
ah great a second me unfold I can bring
this back
surely this is it's worth in where's the
ends of this ring I don't know but this
is just going on and oh no they don't
wanna know
Maude yeah nothing close though why you
said that 10 minutes ago
oh fuck that car oh I just gave this a
boost
come on this helps you win I just helped
you lightly come on
I would go wrong with that though right
behind me
Oh Channel show no yes that's the
fucking Oh No that's how your hand side
the lineup and everyone oh yes no goes
like also wrong oh I am did a sign the
victory I was like close to Joshua I
just fucked my whole life up not the
birth time javelin ah this is my one
yard this is my so go scrub it oh my god
a guy I've really going at the javelin
hey fuck for now my glasses